I'm pissed off.
Why did Ye Longyuan make trouble?
In the end, I was punished for going to silver
It's all my fault
If not, I want to make a request.
You won't miss it either.
The opportunity to get up close and personal with God
And my daughter?
How can I blame you for this?
If you want to blame it, blame Ye Longyuan for that waste
Hurt our family
Aunt Chen is right
It's all about Ye Longyuan and Tang
Myo Young, this dog couple is here
Make trouble, look
First, the Longmen guest pine feast
And then the ninth floor of Amami.
Now it's Villa 1 Kyushu again
As long as he leaves the country, something will happen anywhere
But if I don't raise the situation to see the Lord God
We wouldn't have encountered Ye Longyuan
Hey, Jiaojiao can't say that
This must be the operation of the protagonist of God
You have to call him in the face of this kind of thing
Therefore, in
That's true.
Xiao Jiang, look, after the Lord God comes
Have you ever looked at Ye Longyuan?
This
Maybe the Lord God thinks Ye Longyuan is not worth it at all
It's true. You're right.
It's all this damn Ye Longyuan
He's been suffering from our good deeds
Forget it, it's useless
Qianjiao, although you didn't see the Lord God tonight
But the Global Business Summit is off the hook
Solved it
I've already talked to Wan Gong Hao
He was willing to sell me this noodle
You can attend the Global Business Summit in your home.
That's great.
This time we must expose Ye Rongyuan's face
Liquidate him well and pretend to receive the Longmen side cover gift.
And what happened tonight
When the time comes, wait for President Wan to appear
I see how long Ye Longyuan can pretend
I don't believe he can still pretend in front of Wan Guohao